Finally, in writing your post,
you need to provide an ending that brings home your key takeaways for the reader
and leaves them with a positive feeling
about the time they just spent reading your article.
It's often good to finish by reiterating
the main points or leaving them with a call to action.
For example, at the end of my post,
I intend to reiterate the findings of my analysis by discussing the way
that people broke into the field and the different statistics I found to be true.
I also put out a call to action.
How will you break into the field?
This recap and call to action is
an extremely effective method for boosting user engagement with your posts.